Modin-plugin example (#879)
flyteorg/flytekit: plugins/flytekit-modin/README.md

# Flytekit Modin Plugin

> Modin is a Python extension for pandas that helps handle large datasets. It is a light-weight extension that is similar to pandas API. It uses the concept of parallelism to reduce overhead, and improve performance of pandas operations by leveraging the compute resources available. This plugin could help use Modin as a data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modin is a pandas-accelerator that helps handle large datasets. It is a light-weight extension that is similar to the pandas API. It uses the concept of parallelism to reduce overhead, and improve the performance of pandas operations by leveraging the compute resources available. 

This plugin supports Modin as a data type.
```

# Flytekit Modin Plugin

Modin is a pandas-accelerator that helps handle large datasets. It is a light-weight extension that is similar to the pandas API. It uses the concept of parallelism to reduce overhead, and improve the performance of pandas operations by leveraging the compute resources available. This plugin could help use Modin as a data type.

> This plugin supports Modin as a data type.

Reviewer: This and the last line of the previous paragraph mean the same.
